[18.7., 17:47] Ana Voß: Our Founder Mrs Stella Njideka Voss Has been Nominated for one of African Women Top Award Special Chief Host . Her Excellency Dr Aisha Buhari  Nigeria First Lady Aisha Buhari 
Speaker our Gorgeous famous Movie Star,A  Philanthropic ,A Leader 
Ambassador TONTO W. C. DIKEH 
International Women Power Conference Africa( IWPCA 2022 AWARD)
We at Stella Voss  International Foundation are pleased to have been conferred Our Founder the Most Outstanding 40 And under Female CEOs in Africa, A Humanitarian Award.This is in her and her team selfless service to humanity
 The event is set to take place in Abuja on the 29th July, 2022 at Ladi Kwali Conference Hall Sheraton Hotel Abuja
[18.7., 17:50] Mr.Bit: https://www.stellavossfoundation.com/slides/smart/index.html?full#boreholewater
[18.7., 17:51] Ana Voß: Our Founder Mrs Stella Njideka Voss Has been Nominated for one of African Women Top Award Special Chief Host . Her Excellency Dr Aisha Buhari  Nigeria First Lady Aisha Buhari 
Speaker famous Movie Star ,A  Philanthropic ,A Leader 
Ambassador TONTO W. C. DIKEH 
International Women Power Conference Africa( IWPCA 2022 AWARD)
We at Stella Voss  International Foundation are pleased to have been conferred Our Founder the Most Outstanding 40 And under Female CEOs in Africa, A Humanitarian Award.This is in her and her team selfless service to humanity
 The event is set to take place in Abuja on the 29th July, 2022 at Ladi Kwali Conference Hall Sheraton Hotel Abuja
[18.7., 17:53] Mr.Bit: https://www.stellavossfoundation.com/slides/iwpca
[18.7., 17:56] Ana Voß: Our Founder Mrs Stella Njideka Voss Has been Nominated for one of African Women Top Award Special Chief Host . Her Excellency Dr Aisha Buhari  Nigeria First Lady Aisha Buhari 
Speaker famous Movie Star ,A  Philanthropic ,A Leader 
Ambassador TONTO W. C. DIKEH 
International Women Power Conference Africa( IWPCA 2022 AWARD)
We at Stella Voss  International Foundation are pleased to have been conferred Our Founder the Most Outstanding 40 And under Female CEOs in Africa, A Humanitarian Award.This is in her and her team selfless service to humanity
 The event is set to take place in Abuja on the 29th July, 2022 at Ladi Kwali Conference Hall Sheraton Hotel Abuja
[18.7., 17:59] Ana Voß: Special Chief Host 
Her Excellency Dr Aisha Buhari 
Nigeria First Lady
[18.7., 18:18] Ana Voß: Our service and thematic areas of operation include the following:

- Quality Education and Sponsorship 
- Poverty Eradicating / Food and Nutrition 
-Child's Protection 
- Health Care facilities and well being 
- Clean Water and Sanitation 
- Women and Youth Empowerment 
- Community Development 

Together we can do more❤
Together we heal the world 🌎
[18.7., 18:25] Ana Voß: Incredible news 
Orumba North local government area in Anambra State has Acknowledge our ongoing Drilling Borehole water. 
We received a Letter of commendation from the State Government Chairman for our ongoing Drilling Borehole water project 
We are honored Sir
 We are greatful to everyone for believing in us for supporting us. 
 We really do appreciate you all for kind gestures towards this great Foundation  to see that we move to a great Heights. 
Together we can put a smile on so many faces especially the less privileged ones in our societies. 
Thanks so much to everyone who has contributed in one or the other, we the Stella Voss Foundation crew members say a big thank you to you all,  God bless you all. 🙏🙏🙏
[18.7., 18:25] Ana Voß: The Stella Voss International Foundation was founded on the 29th July we will be Celebrating our 2years Anniversary on  29th July . 
We dedicate  this two Awards to everyone that has supported us with their donations ❤Thanks for trusting us thanks for believing in us 
God bless you all 🙏

Daniel Voß:
Das ist der Song den sie für Stella gemacht haben, es soll auch noch ein Video dazu geben und eine Übersetzung da es in Igbo gesungen wird

In Bezug auf ihren "Award" in Nigeria